README.md, before:

# comfyui-model-manager

Browse models in ComfyUI. (Downloading and deleting are WIP.)

![Model Manager Demo Screenshot](model-manager-demo-screenshot.png)

## About this fork

I made this fork because the original repo was inactive and missing many things I needed to make the ComfyUI usable. Also, many other custom nodes bundle unrelated features together or search the internet in the background.

Currently it is still missing some features it should have.

## Fork Improvements

- Search models in models tab.
- Advanced keyword search using `"multiple words in quotes"` or a minus sign to `-exclude`.
- Search `/`subdirectories of model directories based on your file structure (for example, `/styles/clothing`).
- Include models listed in ComfyUI's `extra_model_paths.yaml`.
- Increased supported preview image types.
- Correctly change colors using ComfyUI's theme colors.
- Simplified UI.

## TODO:

### One-click to add a model/node to workspace

- &#9744; Add icon `+`? (Copy icon `⎘`?)
- &#9744; Sidebar mode
  - &#9744; Drag to add to workspace?

### Downloading tab

- &#9744; Replace Install tab with Downloading tab (more practical IMO).
- &#9744; Download a model from a url.
- &#9744; Choose save path to download within browser.

### Search filtering and sort

- &#9744; Add auto-suggest paths in search
- &#9744; Filters dropdown
  - &#9744; Stable Diffusion model version/Clip/Upscale/?
  - &#9744; Favorites
- &#9744; Sort-by dropdown
  - &#9744; Date modified (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Date created (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Recently used (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Frequently used (ascending/decending)
- &#9744; `or` vs `and` type of keyword search (currently `and`)

### Settings

- &#9744; Exclude hidden folders with a `.` prefix.
- &#9744; Include a optional string to always add to searches.
- &#9744; Enable optional checksum to detect if a model is already downloaded.
- &#9744; Add `settings.yaml` and add file to `.gitignore`.

### Model info window/panel (server load/send on demand)

- &#9744; Info icon `ⓘ` button to view.
- &#9744; Optional (re)download `📥︎` model info from the internet and cache the text file locally. (requires checksum?)
- &#9744; Delete model with warning popup.

### Image preview

- &#9744; Support multiple preview images. (swipe?)
- &#9744; Show preview images for videos.
  - &#9744; If ffmpeg or cv2 available, extract the first frame of the video and use as image preview.
  - &#9744; Play preview video?

Commit message:

copy to clipboard, drag to add, sidebar modes

README.md, after:

# comfyui-model-manager

Browse models in ComfyUI. (Downloading and deleting are WIP.)

![Model Manager Demo Screenshot](model-manager-demo-screenshot.png)

## About this fork

I made this fork because the original repo was inactive and missing many things I needed to make the ComfyUI usable. Also, many other custom nodes bundle unrelated features together or search the internet in the background.

Currently it is still missing some features it should have.

## Fork Improvements

- Search models in models tab.
- Advanced keyword search using `"multiple words in quotes"` or a minus sign to `-exclude`.
- Search `/`subdirectories of model directories based on your file structure (for example, `/styles/clothing`).
- Include models listed in ComfyUI's `extra_model_paths.yaml`.
- Button to copy a model to the ComfyUI clipboard. (Embedding cannot be copied to the system clipboard with an http connection.)
- Right, left and bottom toggleable sidebar modes.
- Drag model to graph to add or existing node to set model.
- Drag embedding to textarea to append.
- Increased supported preview image types.
- Correctly change colors using ComfyUI's theme colors.
- Simplified UI.

## TODO:

### Downloading tab

- &#9744; Replace Install tab with Downloading tab (more practical IMO).
- &#9744; Download a model from a url.
- &#9744; Choose save path/directory to download within vaild model directories. (Alert Yes/No if need to create new dirs?)

### Search filtering and sort

- &#9744; Add auto-suggest paths in search
- &#9744; Filters dropdown
  - &#9744; Stable Diffusion model version/Clip/Upscale/?
  - &#9744; Favorites
- &#9744; Sort-by dropdown
  - &#9744; Date modified (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Date created (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Recently used (ascending/decending)
  - &#9744; Frequently used (ascending/decending)
- &#9744; `or` vs `and` type of keyword search (currently `and`)

### Settings

- &#9744; Add `settings.yaml` and add file to `.gitignore`.
- &#9744; Exclude hidden folders with a `.` prefix.
- &#9744; Include a optional string to always add to searches.
- &#9744; Enable optional checksum to detect if a model is already downloaded.
- &#9744; Change copy icon to an add icon `✚`.
- &#9744; Allow user to drag width of sidebar or height of bottom bar and remember it.
- &#9744; Hide/Show model extension.
- &#9744; Optionally remove embedding extension.

### Model info window/panel (server load/send on demand)

- &#9744; Info icon `ⓘ` button to view.
- &#9744; Optional (re)download `📥︎` model info from the internet and cache the text file locally. (requires checksum?)
- &#9744; Delete model with warning popup.

### Image preview

- &#9744; Support multiple preview images. (swipe?)
- &#9744; Show preview images for videos.
  - &#9744; If ffmpeg or cv2 available, extract the first frame of the video and use as image preview.
  - &#9744; Play preview video?
